# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --all-packages --output-file requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
aiohttp==3.11.11;
    # via readmegen-mod
aiosignal==1.3.2;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
aiosqlite==0.21.0;
    # via database
annotated-types==0.7.0;
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   readmegen-mod
anthropic==0.42.0;
    # via readmegen-mod
anyio==4.7.0;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0;
    # via pwdlib
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0;
    # via argon2-cffi
async-timeout==5.0.1;
    # via readmegen-mod
asyncpg==0.30.0;
    # via database
attrs==24.3.0;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
bcrypt==4.3.0;
    # via pwdlib
cachetools==5.5.0;
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   readmegen-mod
certifi==2024.12.14;
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1;
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1;
    # via
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   requests
click==8.1.8;
    # via
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6;
    # via
    #   click
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   tqdm
cryptography==44.0.3;
    # via pyjwt
distro==1.9.0;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
dnspython==2.7.0;
    # via email-validator
dotenv==0.9.9;
    # via backend
email-validator==2.2.0;
    # via fastapi-users
exceptiongroup==1.2.2;
    # via readmegen-mod
fastapi==0.115.12;
    # via
    #   backend
    #   fastapi-users
fastapi-users==14.0.1;
    # via
    #   database
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy==7.0.0;
    # via fastapi-users
frozenlist==1.5.0;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   readmegen-mod
gitdb==4.0.11;
    # via
    #   gitpython
    #   readmegen-mod
gitpython==3.1.43;
    # via readmegen-mod
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.10;
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   readmegen-mod
google-api-core==2.24.0;
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
    #   readmegen-mod
google-api-python-client==2.156.0;
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   readmegen-mod
google-auth==2.37.0;
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
    #   readmegen-mod
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0;
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   readmegen-mod
google-generativeai==0.8.3;
    # via readmegen-mod
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0;
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   readmegen-mod
greenlet==3.2.2;
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.68.1;
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   readmegen-mod
grpcio-status==1.68.1;
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   readmegen-mod
h11==0.14.0;
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7;
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   readmegen-mod
httplib2==0.22.0;
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   readmegen-mod
httpx==0.28.1;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx-oauth
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
httpx-oauth==0.16.1;
    # via fastapi-users
idna==3.10;
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.8.2;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
makefun==1.16.0;
    # via fastapi-users
multidict==6.1.0;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   yarl
openai==1.58.1;
    # via readmegen-mod
propcache==0.2.1;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0;
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   readmegen-mod
protobuf==5.29.2;
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   readmegen-mod
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10;
    # via database
pwdlib==0.2.1;
    # via fastapi-users
pyasn1==0.6.1;
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1;
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   readmegen-mod
pycparser==2.22;
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.4;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   backend
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   readmegen-mod
pydantic-core==2.27.2;
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   readmegen-mod
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.1;
    # via
    #   backend
    #   readmegen-mod
pydantic-settings==2.7.1;
    # via
    #   backend
    #   readmegen-mod
pyjwt==2.10.1;
    # via fastapi-users
pyparsing==3.2.1;
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   readmegen-mod
python-dotenv==1.0.1;
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   readmegen-mod
python-multipart==0.0.20;
    # via fastapi-users
pyyaml==6.0.2;
    # via readmegen-mod
regex==2024.11.6;
    # via
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3;
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   tiktoken
rsa==4.9;
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   readmegen-mod
ruff==0.11.10;
smmap==5.0.1;
    # via
    #   gitdb
    #   readmegen-mod
sniffio==1.3.1;
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
sqlalchemy==2.0.41;
    # via
    #   backend
    #   fastapi-users-db-sqlalchemy
starlette==0.46.2;
    # via fastapi
structlog==24.4.0;
    # via readmegen-mod
tenacity==8.5.0;
    # via readmegen-mod
tiktoken==0.9.0;
    # via readmegen-mod
tomli==2.2.1;
    # via readmegen-mod
tqdm==4.67.1;
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   readmegen-mod
typing-extensions==4.12.2;
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   sqlalchemy
uritemplate==4.1.1;
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   readmegen-mod
urllib3==2.3.0;
    # via
    #   readmegen-mod
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2;
    # via backend
watchfiles==1.0.5;
    # via backend
yarl==1.18.3;
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   readmegen-mod
